Align Compass Provisioner chart (#5923)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/compass/configure-managed-gcp-postgresql.md

## Install the Compass with managed GCP PostgreSQL database

> To install the Compass with GCP managed Postgres database, set `database.embedded.enabled` value to `false` inside `./chart/compass/values.yaml` file, and fill those values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Compass with GCP managed Postgres database, set the `database.embedded.enabled` value to `false` inside the `./chart/compass/values.yaml` file, and fill in these values:
```
